Adding Mattermost-supported plugins to product docs (#7030)
mattermost/docs: source/integrate/jira-interoperability.rst

    - **Mattermost Roles Allowed to Edit Jira Subscriptions**: Specify the Mattermost roles that can edit Jira subscriptions to control which Mattermost users can subscribe channels to Jira tickets.
    - **Jira Groups Allowed to Edit Jira Subscriptions**: (Applies to older Jira v2.4 or earlier deployments only) Specify the Jira groups allowed to edit Jira subscriptions as a comma-separated list of user group names. Leave blank to allow any Jira user the ability to create subscriptions. The user editing a subscription only needs to be a member of one of the listed groups.
    - **Default Subscription Security Level to Empty**: Enable or disable default subscription security level. When enabled, subscriptions only include issues that have a security level assigned when a security level has been included as a filter.
    - **Additional Help Text to be shown with Jira Help**: Define any additional help text to display when users run the ``/jira help`` slash command.
    - **Hide issue descriptions and comments**: Show or hide issue descriptions and comments from subscription and webhook messages.

>     - **Enable slash command**: Enable or disble slash command autocompletion to guide users through available ``/jira`` slash commands.
>     - **Display Subscrition name in notifications**: Show or hide subscription name in notification messages posted to a channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Enable slash command**: Enable or disable slash command autocompletion to guide users through available ``/jira`` slash commands.
    - **Display Subscription name in notifications**: Show or hide subscription name in notification messages posted to a channel.
```

1. In Mattermost, run the  ``/jira webhook <YOUR-JIRA-URL>`` slash command in a Mattermost channel to get the appropriate webhook URL, replacing ``YOUR-JIRA-URL`` with your Jira URL.
2. In Jira, go to **Jira Settings > System > WebHooks**. (For older versions of Jira, select the gear icon in bottom left corner, then go to **Advanced > WebHooks**.)
3. Select **Create a WebHook**.
4. Enter a **Name** for the webhook and add the Jira webhook URL you retrieved above in Mattermost as the URL.
5. Specify the issue events that will be sent to Mattermost channels by selecting all of the following: 

  - Comments: created, updated, and deleted.
  - Issues: created, updated, and deleted.

6. Select **Save**.

Legacy Jira webhooks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If your organization's infrastructure is set up in such a way that your Mattermost instance can't connect to your Jira instance, you won't be able to subscribe Mattermost channels. You'll need to use legacy webhooks instead.

1. To generate the webhook URL for a specific channel, run the  ``/jira webhook`` slash command, and use the URL output in the **Legacy Webhooks** section of the output.

> 

Reviewer: I think this section could be de-emphasized, and put after the regular subscriptions section. Unrelated to the purpose of the PR though

Author: A very good piece of feedback that I'll action. Thanks!

.. note::

  - A user must meet the criteria of both the Mattermost user settings and Jira group settings in order to edit subscriptions. If you can subscribe channels to Jira events, you can also set up rules that define when a particular event with certain criteria are met in Jira that trigger a notification is sent to a particular channel.
  - These subscription rules can specify the Jira Project, Event Type, Issue Type, and can filter out issues with certain values. 
  - When a user is setting up a notification subscription, they'll only see the projects and issue types they have access to within Jira. If they can't see a project in Jira, it won't be displayed as an option for that particular user when they are trying to set up a subscription in Mattermost.
  - If your organization's infrastructure is set up in such a way that your Mattermost instance can't connect to your Jira instance, channel subscriptions won't be avaialable. Instead, use `legacy Webhooks <#legacy-jira-webhooks>`__ instead to allow a Jira webhook to post to a specific channel.

Manage notifications
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Jira notifications are messages sent to a Mattermost channel when a particular event occurs in Jira. They can managed as `channel subscriptions <#manage-channel-subscriptions>`__ in Mattermost, or managed as `webhooks <#configure-webhooks-in-Jira>`__ in Jira. 

Reviewer: These two links don't seem to scroll on my browser

Author: I'll investigate and correct.

Author: Fixed
